---
title: MT Baker
date: 2023-06-25T20:49:22.478Z
---
Climbed MT baker this weekend. It was a slow calm climb up and back. good practice at slowly consistanly moving towards the goal. I have to work on stop getting tunnel vision and going the first route that I see. It gets me in trouble in the mountains sometimes and I need to stop, if i can't I have to stop going into the mountains :( I can do it. \
\
We got to the trail head at 9 am saturday started hiking made camp around noon. bed by 5 pm for an alpine start. I was able to sleep from 5pm to 8 pm waking up from weird dreams every so often. On was that my butt slid off of my sleeping pad out of the tent and into a little hole in the snow i dug for putting on by boots. I wasnt able to move and my tent mate andrew had to pull me back in. it was weird. from 8 pm to 11 pm i laid there listening to podcasts. got up at 11 started walking at midnight on sunday.

Roped up and set foot on the Easton glacier to follow it to the roman wall. worked well as a rope team just walking our way up. Took a short break after about 2 hours to eat and drink. We were the juice squad! we brough juice with us, juice is great expesially in the back country. it weights the same as water (close enough) but tastes better and gives you more nutrients and vitamins!!!! its awesome. after our short break we kept walking and took a break right at the roman wall. we could smell the sulfer it was beautiful. I got really cold here I was wearing shorts leggings a sun huddie and my melly while walking. put on my puffy durring our break but it wasnt enough I started shivering. opened a hand warmenr and put it in my kangaroo pouch for warmth. started up the roman wall to the summit! made it up there as the sun was rising it was beautiful. hung out for a bit and started decending.

on the way down I was leading our rope team!!! i was nervous but I want practice leading and navigating. This was a pretty low stress practice, there is a very good boot path up the easton glacier so it was pretty easy to know where to go. but there were maybe 100-200 other people summiting that day and that was kinda hard. cause youre roped to the person behind you and the rope needs to stay taught you have to be thinking about the rope and making sure it wont be in other peoples way. it was hard at first but i felt comfortable by the end. also the bottle neck was the begining so there were more people.

We made it down off the glacier and back to camp around 9 am sunday. took a nap for a bit hung out for a bit packed up and left camp around 12ish idk. left the trail head at 5 andrew drove to the dinner spot. there i got 3 sodas for the caffine to help me drive the hour home. that was the hardest part! made it home around 9 unpacked showered vaped (that was a mistake I should have gone to bed oh well im working on it) then i fixed our internet with the centry link people until 11 pm. something was wrong with the router or their settings. tthe router was just searching for a signal. When I got home the internet just didnt work :'(. then bed at 11 pm so long day.